OSDOCS-12394: GCP machineset single svc acct limit (#83906)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cpmso-yaml-provider-spec-gcp.adoc

<3> Specifies the cloud provider platform type. Do not change this value.
<4> Specifies the name of the GCP project that you use for your cluster.
<5> Specifies the GCP region for the cluster.
<6> Specifies a single service account. Multiple service accounts are not supported. 
<7> Specifies the control plane user data secret. Do not change this value.

> <8> This parameter is configured in the failure domain, and is shown with an empty value here. If a value specified for this parameter differs from the value in the failure domain, the Operator overwrites it with the value in the failure domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<8> This parameter is configured in the failure domain, and is shown with an empty value. If the specified value for this parameter differs from the one in the failure domain, the Operator overwrites it with the value from the failure domain.
```
